Docs/packer seo templates batch1 (#13282)
hashicorp/packer: website/content/docs/templates/legacy_json_templates/provisioners.mdx

---
description: |

>   The `provisioners` block contains provisioners that Packer should use to install and configure software on machines. Learn how to configure provisioners in JSON templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The `provisioners` block contains provisioners that Packer uses to install and configure software on machines. Learn how to configure provisioners in JSON templates.
```

page_title: provisioners reference for JSON templates
---

# `provisioners` reference for JSON templates

This topic provides reference information about the `provisioners` block in JSON templates for Packer. Refer to the documentation for specific provisioner types to learn about their configuration options.

`@include 'from-1.5/legacy-json-warning.mdx'`

## Description

> The `provisioners` block contains provisioners that Packer should use to install and configure software within running machines prior to turning them into machine images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `provisioners` block contains provisioners that Packer uses to install and configure software within running machines prior to turning them into machine images.
```
